Update upgrade-a-sql-server-failover-cluster-instance.md (#9946)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/sql-server/failover-clusters/windows/upgrade-a-sql-server-failover-cluster-instance.md

[!INCLUDE [ssNoVersion](../../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] supports upgrading a failover cluster to a new version of [!INCLUDE [ssNoVersion](../../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)], to a new [!INCLUDE [ssNoVersion](../../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] service pack or cumulative update, or when installing to a new Windows service pack or cumulative update separately on all failover cluster nodes, with downtime limited to a single manual failover (or two manual failovers if failing back to the original primary).

> Upgrading the Windows Server operating system of a node containing a failover cluster instance isn't supported for operating systems before [!INCLUDE [winserver2012r2-md](../../../includes/winserver2012r2-md.md)]. To upgrade a Windows Server failover cluster node running on [!INCLUDE [winserver2012r2-md](../../../includes/winserver2012r2-md.md)] or later versions, see [Perform a rolling upgrade or update](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/failover-clustering/cluster-operating-system-rolling-upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading the Windows Server operating system of a node containing a failover cluster instance isn't supported for operating systems before [!INCLUDE [winserver2012r2-md](../../../includes/winserver2012r2-md.md)]. To upgrade a Windows Server failover cluster node running on [!INCLUDE [winserver2012r2-md](../../../includes/winserver2012r2-md.md)] or later versions, see [Cluster OS Rolling Upgrade](/windows-server/failover-clustering/cluster-operating-system-rolling-upgrade).
```
